Really, as much as we can, we're really doing that. But along with that, you already know
that, in the teachings said, Buddha's teachings said, and all those great Vedayana Mahathma's
open said, and Buddha repeated throughout his Sutra teachings, "Do pray to Amitabha."
Really he said that. He's always in the teaching, Buddha said that. And just one after another
in the Sutra teachings. And then also, Parigula in Amitabha Sutra said that, "To take the
rebirth in the Pure Land of Dewache is so easy than others." And some ask, you say, this
in the Sutra teachings, there is not, it takes to reach enlightenment, three countless eons.
It's long term, even the high capabilities, three countless eons. But practice of Amitabha
is a shortcut to reach enlightenment. Because you practice of this, practice of Amitabha,
you will go to the devotee of even the Amitabha, and there you can practice without any obstacles.
And your motivation is obstacle with distractions. Your motivation in that teachings, in the devote
e,
you're so motivated, not just the motivation of the practice of one, today and not tomorrow,
day after tomorrow. It's always increasing. That really says so. And so therefore, ten
bhoomis or five part ten bhoomis that go quite pretty smooth. Although smooth, not just that,
during that time, we won't have troubles, difficult obstacles. It's everything moves
so beautifully, really in the teachings. So in the Buddha's teaching, the Amitabha Sutra
you say what? Poor cause to take the rebirth in devotee, poor cause. That is poor cause.
Poor is remembering, thinking of the Buddha Amitabha. And very retent such as our lokpide shura
and the Vaidya pani, thinking that. And then all the fuel and conduct as you see. And facing in
the west direction, thinking of that. It's Buddha Amitabha and the Jainese and the Vaidya pani are
leaving Buddha right now. Really not now. It's not. And so thinking of that, clearly with good
heart or devotees. Then second cause is doing the lateral meditory activities. Whatever we do,
meditory as the practice, the meditating, whatever we do, we do. True lateral meditory activities,
that's what we're doing. I mean, that is not something. If you can do extra, great. But
whatever you can do. And the third cause is bodhichala, bodhichala. More love and
compare, thinking of all sentient beings. And the fourth is bringing may I and all
beings to take the rebirth and devotee in this, when we leave this. So those are the simple cause.
Even if Buddha Haikeman said to Ananda, looking first, look to the, toward the direction of the
Amitabha and pick up the flowers from the growing on the, on the narrow side. Throw that as
offering.
That single flower is not just one flower in the teaching. I mean, in the other teaching says,
it multiplies, multiplies flower. It's not just one. We meditated that. It becomes the whole
insert of five object offerings. Object, home, song, smell, taste, and touch,
multiplied and make that offering. Thinking of to be chegri, birth, to devotee, to all living
beings.
Really, that these four causes, remembering Buddha's image or our locus or anything,
were japani. And whatever the marital activities we do, and thinking to cause for the in life,
to take the rebirth, they were king. And then we devote each other and pray the aspirations.
Again, that is in the teaching says, really so powerful is a symbol. But that really means
don't do the documentation practice. The documentation practice is so powerful.
Those are the so powerful. But along with that, just to do that for all living beings,
is really so good. I just thought to you and tell you and to remind you to all of us. So we,
that, okay, thank you and everyone. And then now, and now we,